---
layout: post
title: Sunday Review 1 (1/3/2021)
categories:
- blog
--- 

### What I'm Reading

<b>[The Best Is Yet To Come – Packy McCormick](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/qduz7zpovkh7hw0o9vhl/m2h7h5hog43083fm/aHR0cHM6Ly9ub3Rib3Jpbmcuc3Vic3RhY2suY29tL3AvdGhlLWJlc3QtaXMteWV0LXRvLWNvbWU=)</b>
* About the most optimistic take on 2020 you could possibly have. Makes a compelling case that starting a business has never been easier or more global. Here’s (just a portion of) McCormick’s outline for entrepreneurs:
   * Today, companies can hire a developer in India (via Pesto), a designer in Sweden (paid via Panther), and a CFO in New York (supported by Ramp). They’ll work together in a Huddle HQ, and spin up new office space as easily as they open a new Google Doc. They can raise money via AngelList Syndicates, Republic Crowdfunding, or directly from stakeholders via Fairmint CAFE’s. Or better yet, keep their equity and get paid for their recurring revenue upfront with Pipe. They can use Stripe to handle payments, Twilio to handle messaging, Shopify to set up a storefront, ...

<b>[Why You Should Write Pseudonymously – David Perell](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/qduz7zpovkh7hw0o9vhl/7qh7h8h0kn9p93hz/aHR0cHM6Ly9wZXJlbGwuY29tL2Vzc2F5L3doeS15b3Utc2hvdWxkLXdyaXRlLXBzZXVkb255bW91c2x5Lw==)</b>
* Cal Newport has argued that people should always attach their names to what they write. More skin in the game. If your writing sucks, it will just be overlooked until it gets better. David Perell takes the opposite view. Writing pseudonymously means bolder ideas and no ad hominem attacks. I’m inclined to agree. We all have a favorite fake Twitter account. As Perell notes, “our culture is riddled with 'Don’t Post on Facebook' syndrome, where many of the smartest people don’t publish online for fear of unexpected and career-ending consequences.” Yep.

<b>[10 Days Of Pure Solitude – Will Mannon](https://click.convertkit-mail2.com/qduz7zpovkh7hw0o9vhl/z2hghnho4lerencp/aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2lsbC1tYW5ub24uY29tL2Vzc2F5cy8xMC1kYXlzLW9mLXB1cmUtc29saXR1ZGU=)</b>
* Normal, thoughtful guy spends 10 days in two different Airbnbs in Idaho and Wyoming. No phone; no screens. Just books and music, cooking, journaling. I reckon this is how I would do it.

---

### Quote of the Week:

“The opposite of ‘love’ is ‘use.’” -John Paul II

---

### Word of the Week:

<b>roister</b> (ROY-ster)

verb: Enjoy oneself or celebrate in a noisy or boisterous way.

“Let’s get dressed up and roister in our living room this year.”

---

Thanks for reading.

-Tom


